Update Docs (#1085)
trixi-framework/TrixiParticles.jl: docs/src/index.md

# TrixiParticles.jl

> **TrixiParticles.jl** is a high-performance simulation framework for particle-based methods in complex multiphysics applications. It combines an accessible user interface with an extensible architecture for developing new methods, while also providing GPU-accelerated execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TrixiParticles.jl** is a high-performance numerical simulation framework for particle-based methods in complex multiphysics applications. It combines an accessible user interface with an extensible architecture for developing new methods, while offering competitive performance on both CPU and GPU.
```
Also, please break this long line in the markdown source.

# TrixiParticles.jl

> **TrixiParticles.jl** is a high-performance numerical simulation framework for particle-based methods in complex multiphysics applications. It combines an accessible user interface with an extensible

Reviewer: Line still looks too long?
